Okay so let's have a look at
monitoring and tracing.
So for this let's open the Lambda S3 function
and we're going to the monitor tab of it
and under metrics, we can get some information
around how many times our Lambda function was being invoked,
how long the invocation was lasting,
the error counts and success rates.
As we can see, some of it is green.
So that means that at some point it was doing successes
and then it became red.
So it became an error.
So this is because we're testing both two destinations
for successes and errors.
So this is really good to monitor this graph over time
when you have a Lambda function in production.
The throttle, so in case we are going
over our Lambda limits, the Async delivery failures.
If the function doesn't get the chance
to process the events.
The iterator age, in case we're reading from a stream
and concurrent execution to get the level of concurrency
of our Lambda function.
Right now we only have one because we don't
invoke it that much
but in case you have a high volume Lambda function
then the concurrency, concurrent execution
is going to go way higher, okay.
So CloudWatch metrics are great for Lambda functions.
We've seen extensively the CloudWatch logs
for our Lambda functions.
So we know that whenever our Lambda functions gets invoked
then we're going to get a log stream.
And in this log streams
we're going to be able to get all the logs of our Lambda
functions, including for example, the request ID,
whenever we log into the consult
as well as the end of the request ID whenever it happened,
and a reports to get some information
around how long the function was lasting,
how much we got billed for it, the memory size,
the max memory used, and the init duration
if it's relevant for your Lambda function.
Okay. Last thing you may want to look at
is going to be around x-ray.
So if we go into configuration,
and then we go into monitoring and operation tools
and click on edit
then we have the option to obviously have CloudWatch logs
which is enabled by default.
Now we also get x-ray and by enabling this
the Lambda function will be logging its traces
into AWS x-ray.
So again, the permissions were not found
for Lambda to write into x-ray
but the console will attempt to fix this
by adding the execution role directly.
So let's click on save,
and now this is enabled.
And so to make sure that this is working,
if we go into permissions, open the Lambda role,
actually it's right here.
In terms of resource summary, we can see
we have access to CloudWatch logs.
SQS I'm not exactly sure.
Oh yes, Because of destinations
and x-ray because we want to be able to put
trace segments and to put telemetry reports.
So now this Lambda function is
going to be writing into x-ray.
And so if we go into the S3 buckets in here
and I'm going to upload an object, for example,
I'm going to upload my error.HTML file and click on upload.
Actually the Lambda function was failing.
So let's just return.
Instead, let's make it return success and deploy it.
And we're going to upload a new file into our S3
bracket as well.
So let's close this, upload a new file, add file
and it will add, whatever index with fetch,
just a different file every time.
I could also re-upload the same file actually
but this is fine.
Okay. So I've uploaded all these files.
So my Lambda function is going to process these files
and hopefully we should see the traces
in x-ray after a bit of time.
So let's open the x-ray console
And getting our service map.
So this took maybe five minutes
but as we can see the clients invoking
our Lambda function and then the service does not great.
And then they Lambda function, if stuff was being invoked,
we get some information around the fact
that sometimes there was having errors
and sometimes it was green.
So green and orange, because sometimes it was having errors
and sometimes it was working
but we get the idea that now our Lambda function
is appearing within our x-ray consult.
And so this is the whole power
of the integration between Lambda and x-ray.
So I hope you liked it
and I will see you in the next lecture.